docs: rework README and contributing docs (#6552)
python-poetry/poetry: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/---feature-request.md

---
name: "\U0001F381 Feature Request"
about: Do you have ideas for new features or improvements?
title: ''
labels: kind/feature, status/triage
assignees: ''

---

<!--

>     Hi there! Thank you for submitting a bug report!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Hi there! Thank you for submitting a feature request!
```

    Before you submit your issue, please review and follow the instructions at
    https://python-poetry.org/docs/contributing/#suggesting-enhancements.
-->

> <!-- All the below steps should be completed before submitting your issue. Checked checkbox should look like this: [x] -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- All the below steps should be completed before submitting your request. Checked checkbox should look like this: [x] -->
```

Author: I like issue as a generic descriptor of anything on the issue tracker

- [ ] I have searched the [issues](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/issues) of this repo and believe that this is not a duplicate.

> - [ ] I have searched the [FAQ](https://python-poetry.org/docs/faq/) and general [documentation](https://python-poetry.org/docs/) and believe that my question is not already covered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I have searched the [FAQ](https://python-poetry.org/docs/faq/) and general [documentation](https://python-poetry.org/docs/) and believe that my request is not already covered.
```

Author: I think this works fine

## Feature Request

> <!-- Now feel free to write your issue, and please be descriptive as possible! -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Now feel free to write your feature request, and please be as descriptive as possible! -->
```
